== README

===Clinic in the Park, online passport for user tracking. 

===Latest update: 11/12/2014


===New changes:

-Created Passport GUI template (version 1)

-Added a created_event template: Admins are able to create a 'event' for citp real life events 
that takes the date, location, and all the booths, currently in the system, that are attempting. Also links to another
template for admins to add an organization/booth that is currently not in the system. 

-added create_booth template: Admins are able to input a new organization/booth in the system by inputing
the name, type of service, and a description of the organization. 

-Began working on static display sheet that tells visitor accounts what booths will be attending in citp events. 


==Things to do: 

===High Priority:
****EXTREMELY HIGH PRIORITY*****-Create functional checkboxes for create_event sheet to allow the create_event form to send information of what 
booths will be attending.

How the checkboxes are supposed to work under the hood: 

create_event has a column called boothlist that is an array. This array is supposed to be used in the create_event form in
order to collect all the checkbox values that have been checked off. Then it could be used by the static display sheet to 
show what booths will be attending, pre-set by an admin. 

The current problem with the checkboxes: 
  While debugging, when checkboxes are being checked off, it shows that checkboxes are being put inside the boothlist, 
  but aftersubmitting the form, the boothlist array is empty. Two possible causes: 
      1) Either the array needs to be initialized before. Or
      2) 

-AJAX call to validate data and save CSS-transformed-through-Jquery data in the server (High Priority).

-Apply functionality for passport field's custom messages when clicked. (High priority). 

===Medium Priority:

-Revamp code 


=== Low priority

-Fix coloring of passport fields for when a user 'visits' a booth. 

-refactor Passport GUI code.  


  
  
  



<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
